Experience : Aditya has completed three interships , they are as follows :

1.)ML intern at Finplex Solutions : In Finplex Solutions Aditya worked on Chatbot for IPPB ,using Flask for rest api and RASA for the chabot. experimented with various LLMs like Falcon 7b,Llama 2 , Camel ,etc .Qlora for fine tunning , data preprocessing ,used open ai api and contributed to the frontend development as well

2.)ML intern at HFT Solutions : In HFT Solutions Aditya developed a entire web app for finding missing persons for Rajasthan Police and NGOs.He developed the app by himself  with react as frontend and FastAPI(python) in the backend .He also used aws rekognition model.He used PostGreSQl for database.He wrote production level code . Handled logging configurations .Used WinSCP/Putty for establishing SSH connection.Aditya also developed a telegram bot using telegram api for the same for finding missing persons for Rajasthan Police and NGOs.He also made use of HTML,CSS , JS and PostMan Collection

3.)ML intern at IGSRS Solutions : In IGSRS Solutions Aditya fine tuned BERT model for performing NER on resumes . He gathered data using web scrapping and did a lot of data preprocessing on JSON and XML data.He also developed a chatbot using RASA framework and react JS in the frontend.

Projects: Adiya has completed total 10 projects , they are as follows :

1.)AI talkbot : Tech Stack : Python , Open AI api, Flask, HTML , CSS and JS
Description : In this project , both input and output are in audio format ,Open AI's api is used for providing responses to the queries ,Flask is been used for rendering html file as a template and HTML , CSS and JS is used for frontend purposes.

2.)Personalized Video Streaming Platform : Tech Stack : React JS , Python , YouTube's API , Firebase ,TailWind CSS , Flask , HTML , CSS and JS
Description : In this project , user can customize their feed according to their need , eg : If your feed is messed up with some addictive stuff , you can set it to show some educational content. Plus it has similar functionalities like YouTube. Additionally videos are ranked based on the score that is been evaluated after performing sentimental analysis on the comment section

3.)Time traveller bot :Tech Stack : React JS , Python , FastAPI, Plam2's API , Stable Diffusion's API ,HTML,CSS and JS
Description : This is a group project that was developed during Google-Vertex AI Hackathon, in this project the bot provides responses to any query that is related to history and simultaenously it will also provide iamges for it on the side . In this project I dealed with the image generation part and contributed to the frontend as well as backend .

4.)Universal Image Classifier : Tech Stack : Python , Flask , Xception Model , HTML , CSS and JS
Description : In this project , xception model is been used to classify any sort of image .Here Flask is used for rendering HTML file as a template 

5.)Job Board : Tech Stack : React JS , Node JS , Express JS ,MongoDB Atlas ,Hugging Face Models ,HTML , CSS and JS
Description : This is a group project that was developed during Geek for Geeks Hackathon , in this project job seekers and recruitors and can find their ideal job and candidate respectively . In this project my role was to develop the chatbot , provide similar jobs based on the search query using Hugging Face Models and a little bit frontend tasks . I used Hugging Face Models to generate similarity scores for the records fetched from the database inorder to determine the relevancy with the searched query.

6.)Finding missing persons : Tech Stack : Python ,FastAPI , AWS Rekognition ,PostgreSQL, HTML ,CSS and JS
Description : The "Finding Missing Person" app is a compassionate solution developed with Python, FastAPI, AWS Rekognition, PostgreSQL, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Users upload images of their missing loved ones, triggering real-time searches using AWS Rekognition. If a match is found in the database of images uploaded by authorities, users are notified to visit their nearest police station. The app ensures secure user authentication and data storage with PostgreSQL, offering a user-friendly interface for a seamless experience. This application blends technology and empathy to expedite the process of reuniting families with their missing members

7.)Gym Management System : Tech Stack : PHP,Razor Pay's Gateway , Google Catpcha, MySQL,HTML,CSS and JS
Description : This Gym Management System is a streamlined web application powered by PHP, Razor Pay's Gateway, Google Captcha, MySQL, HTML, CSS, and JS. Admins can effortlessly manage gym equipment and memberships, while members enjoy a user-friendly interface for profile updates and product purchases. The system integrates Razor Pay for secure transactions and Google Captcha for enhanced security. With responsive design, this system ensures a seamless experience on various devices, contributing to efficient gym management and an improved member experience.

8.)Web Scrapping for Black-Coffer
Tech Stack : Python
Description : In this Python-based project, data was extracted from 115 URLs, underwent thorough preprocessing and NLP operations. The analysis included the evaluation of 12 variables for each URL, and the results were compiled into an Excel file for easy interpretation. This efficient web scraping initiative streamlines data extraction and analysis for BlackCoffer

9.)Sentimental Analysis in CODEICON 2022 : Tech Stack : Python
Description : In this project for CODEICON 2022, we conducted sentiment analysis on 50,000 General Mills reviews. Utilizing the Valdor model, each review was rated on a scale of 1-5 after thorough data preprocessing. This initiative provides concise insights into the sentiment dynamics within the General Mills user community.

10.)Predictive model for Sensegrass : Tech Stack : Python
Description : In, this project the model predicts vine varieties using Sensegrass' dataset (100,000 records). Through rigorous data preprocessing and NLP operations, the model evaluates the five most impactful features for accurate predictions. Additionally, a Flask-based API enhances user accessibility, offering a seamless interface for utilizing the predictive capabilities of the model.


Certifications : Aditya has completed 18 certifications they are as follows

1.)Azure AI Fundamentals(AI-900): He completed this certification on 1 August 2023 .This certification is provided by Microsoft.In this certification he learned about azure auto ml,designer view in azure ml , building ml pipeline without writing code .This is certification is fundamental level certification.

2.)Azure Developer Associate(AZ-204):He completed this certification on 27th September 2023.This certification is provided by Microsoft.In this certification he learned about azure active directory,users/groups management,arm templates ,compute instances,azure blob storage,file storage,etc.This is associate level certification

3.)React Basics:He completed this certification on 3 May 2023.This certification is provided by Meta.In this certification he learned about some basics concepts in react like ,hooks, state-management,context-apis,functional-components,etc.

4.)Crash course on Python:He completed this certification on 6th November 2022.This certification is provided by Google.In this certification he learned about some basic concepts in python like loops,conditional statements,keywords,syntax,logic building ,etc.

5.)AI Workflow : He completed this certification on 24th April 2023 .This certification is provided by IBM.In this certification he learned about the types of ai , some basics concepts of ai , Watson-cloud ,NLP,Visual Recognition ,etc

6.)Advanced ML Algorithms: He completed this certification on 26th June 2023.This certification is provided by Standford University.In this certification he learned about RLHF,Qlora,Fine tuning ,transfer learning ,etc.

7.)Neural Networks and Deep Learning: He completed this certification on 13th April 2023.This certification is provided by DeepLearning.ai.In this ceritication he learned about the neural networks,types of neural networks,hyperparameter tuning, etc.

8.)Oracle Cloud Platform Data Management 2022 Certified Associate:He completed this certification on 4th March 2023 .This certification is provided by Oracle .In this certification he learned about oracle cloud architecture,subnet,v-net,instances and other networking concepts.

9.)Oracle Database 12c: SQL Fundamentals:He completed this certification on 2nd December 2022.This certification is provided by Oracle.In this certification he learned about some basic SQL concepts like , joins,table-partioning,select statements, clauses,crud operations,etc

10.)Getting Started with MongoDB Atlas:He completed this certification on 29th July 2023 .This ceritification is provided by Mongodb University.In this ceritfication he learned about mongodb atlas cluster , collection,documents,NOSQL ,etc

11.)Supervised Machine Learning: He completed this certification on 23rd May 2023 .This certification is provided by Standford University.In this certification he learned about regression , types of regression , classification types of classification , various model used for the purpose.

12.)MongoDB and Document Model: He completed this ceritfication on 11th July 2023.This certification is provided by MongoDB University.In this ceritfication he learned about Querying and CRUD Operations,Aggregation Framework,Indexes and Performance,etc.

13.)Machine Learning Specialization: He completed this certification on 18th July 2023.This certification is provided by Standford University.In this certification he learned about various machine learning concepts like fine tunning , quantization , QLora , transfer learning,etc.

14.)Connecting to a MongoDB database: He completed this certification on 12th July 2023 .This certification is provided by MongoDB University .In this certification he learned about connecting mongodb with node js and python .

15.)Unsupervised Learning, Recommenders, Reinforcement Learning: He completed this certification on 18th July 2023 .This certification is provided by Stanford University.In this certification he learned about unsupervised learning , recommenders,reinforcement learning ,etc.

16.)MongoDB data Modelling intro : He completed this certification on 13th July 2023.This certification is provided by MongoDB University.In this certification he learned some data Modeling Concepts,Advanced Modeling Techniques,Normalization and Denormalization,Schema Design,etc

17.)Java Programming : He completed this certification on 18th March 2023 .This certification is provided by Great Learning.In this certification he learned about some basic concepts in java programming like , loops , conditional statements,syntax, break/continue,etc.

18.)Python Libraries: He completed this certification on 21st November 2022 .This certification is provided by Upgrad .In this certification he learned about python libraries like , numpy,pandas and matplotlib.


Education : There are four major education backgrounds of Aditya they are as follows :

1.)School : St.Sebastian's High School .Duration 2005-2018 . Marks scored in SSC 87%. Subjects learned School English,Marathi,History,Geography,Mathematics(Algebra & Geometry),Hindi,IT.
School completed from Maharashtra State Board.

2.)Junior College:S.K Somaiya College .Duration 2018-2020.Marks scored in HSC 60%.
Subjects learned in Junior College Physics,Chemistry,Maths,Biology,Hindi,English.Junior College done from Maharashtra State Board.

3.)Entrance Exam : National Aptitude Test of Architecture.Duration 2020-2021 .Marks scored in entrance 141/200 .Subjects studied in entrace exam Visual Reasoning,Logical Derivation,G.K. Architecture & Design,Language Interpretation,Design Sensitivity,Numerical Ability.

4.)Degree College : S.K Somaiya University studying course B.S.C.IT ,it a autonomous university.Subject studied in the Degree college  Microprocessor,CPP,JAVA,PYTHON,CG,Design Thinking,Data Science,DBMS,ADBMS,Computer Networks,OOPs,OS,AJAVA,Security in Computing,Software Engineering,AI....etc.CGPA earned in degree college 9.36/10

Aditya's contact info :

Phone No : +91 9136885664
Alternate Phone No : +91 8108359721
Email : aditya.sakpal2002@gmail.com
Alternate Email : aditya.as@somaiya.edu
Instagram : https://www.instagram.com/aditya_sakpal123/
GitHub : https://github.com/Aditya-Sakpal
Linkedin : https://www.linkedin.com/in/gigacoder/
Twitter : https://twitter.com/giga_coder
Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/aditya.sakpal.79677

Some personal info : 
Aditya use to have a crush on a girl in his college but sadly she is committed now .
Aditya's favourite food paneer chill and kfc zinger burger 
Aditya's favourite colour is black 
Aditya's religion Hindusim 
Aditya is a LEO
Aditya is a Maratha
Aditya's height is 5'9 and weight is 64kg and BMI is 24
Aditya likes to workout and stays fit and has 6 packs and good muscles
Aditya's nickname is GIGA-CODER


If a question is asked outside of the knowledge base then simply answer "I'm not trained to answer this question".


